"What the hell? Zalta, where are we?" Varis exclaimed as he braced against the ship's console, which shook and glowed with a red alarm light. The nebula outside had a metallic, silvery glow which illuminated the ship's interior.

"We made it to the Steltos System, but we are way closer to the star than I had calculated. We are being dragged by it's gravitational pull!" she responded as she cleaned sweat from her brow and monitored the readouts.

"Get us out of here! Can you use the hyperdrive?" Varis ordered.

"We will be out of fuel, but it might be our only hope. Hold on tight. It will be a small jump" Zalta warned. 

She pulled out a black vial, placed it in a gun and shot it into her arm. Her eyes rolled back and her veins darkened around the wound. She inhaled sharply and regained contiousness, immediately turning to the astronomical monitor in front of her. An immense ammount of data flooded the screen, continuously changing. Coordinates, gravitational fields, and probabilities were all displayed there, only intelligible by someone enhanced with a mind-expanding drug.

She punched the parameters into the console and activated the hyperdrive.
Space bent around them for a split second, as the ship travelled faster than light through a paralell dimension, slowing down almost instantly near an oceanic planet.

"That was close" she relaxed back onto her chair. "This is planet Aphiarex, we are pretty close to the Atlatech outpost".

"Let's get to it then. We will refuel there and then finish the mission".

Next: [[s2]]

