When Zalta was getting ready to set course to the outpost, a panel flashed. She gasped: "a distress signal! It's a bit weak, but I'm pretty sure it is coming from another vessel on orbit around this planet".

"Let's go take a quick look. Approach with care" ordered Varis.

They navigated around the planet following the signal, to find a freighter adrift in space. It had damage to the hull, indicating that it suffered battle damage.

Varis gazed at it looking outside the window, then looked back at the readouts: "It looks like it has been here for a while. The distress signal might be old... Hold on, I will send the drone to investigate".

Varis deployed a little drone to scout, and controlled it remotely watching a live camera feed. The drone entered the derelict via a hole in the hull, passing through a maintenance shaft and entering a dormitory area, with overturned furniture, floating around.

"It's empty, no sign of survivors" Varis sighed. As the drone was making it's way back to their ship, the [[Icarus Aegis]], Varis exclaimed "Hold on! We got company!"

Four small drones rapidly apprached the Icarus, shaped like jelly-fishes with long spikes at the tip. A medium-sized ship loomed in the distance, seemingly the source of the drones.

"Pirates! Let's get out of here! To the outpost." Varis stormed to his gunner seat.

"Hold on" Zalta muttered. She turned the controls, rapidly moving the ship away from danger. However, the incoming drones were travelling at incredible speed. 

Varis activated the weapon systems and shot one of the drones, it exploded violently it in the void of space. Another drone was able to catch up and attach itself to the Icarus's hull with a dull metallic sound. Seconds later a great blast shook the ship, creating a big dent and cracks in the hull.

"Damn it! Diverting power to thrusters, we can still loose the rest of them" fumed Zalta, as she pushed the engines to full throttle, leaving their attackers behind them.

Next: [[s3]]