Three hours later, they landed in a maintenance hangar of the Tarzo II orbital outpost. Zalta tapped Varis on the back and asked "I'll handle the fuel, would you mind taking a look at the hyperdrive for me?".

Varis nodded, then responded "You think we overshot the jump into the system because of an issue with the engine?".

"My calculations are never that far off" she smiled, as she left the cabin and walked down a ramp to the hangar outside.

An hour and a half later, Varis had finished inspecting and running tests on the engine, as repair bots buzzzd working on the hull damage outside. He had found an issue with the gravitic resonator. It not only was a faulty part, but it was also a cheap imitation, disguised as a high end piece. "Zalta was right, we were scammed" he thought. "No wonder they sold us this thing for so cheap".

Varis put his coat on and walked outside. He explored the station and found an Atlatech shop which had spare parts. The shop keeper was an especially attractive Atladon female called Nah'aasun. Her anphibian eyes scanned him. "Hello human, you look like you need something. Too shy to ask?" she taunted.

"I, uh... need something. But I'm pretty sure I'm out of luck. Unless you have a gravitic resonator for a class B hourglass runner lying around" he opened his hand and showed the faulty piece. "Oh, I see... You are in trouble aren't you? But perhaps your luck is about to change" she smirked as she inspected the piece. "I can in fact get you a replacement, and a real one, not a fake like this. It will be 50 silver credits".

Varis scratched his the back of his head, looking down. "Crap, I just spent all of our credits to refuel and patch up a ship with a faulty hyperdrive" he thought. "Out of money huh? What is your line of work? Mechanic?" she asked. Varis nodded. 

"Tell you what, today is your lucky day" she smiled. "Make a delivery for me and install a piece on a ship that is coming to this station, and I'll give you the part you need".

Varis sensed something off in that offer. He thought: "She works at a repair hangar, plenty of mechanics around here... A simple job like that wouldn't pay 50 silver. Surely something fishy is going on... But then again, I need the damn resonator". He forced a smile and agreed: "It's a deal!".

Next: [[s4]]
