"Milo! Inside now!" said a middle-aged man in a track suit with pierced ears. He walked towards the car and asked "Why are you out here, boy?". "These men were hurt by the mad wolves dad! We should help them." the boy replied. He looked at Makai and Joshua, who both seemed a bit embarassed. "Is that true?" Milo's dad asked. Makai looked at Joshua and said: "yes sir, unfortunately. But don't worry about us we are actually pretty lucky and don't have any serious injury".

"You seem familiar to me" the man said, looking at Makai, then continued: "have I fixed your car before? Maybe a bike?". Makai looked confused. Joshua replied "I think [[Atohi]] used to come here for bike parts back in the day, you might be mixing up Makai with his father". "Yes! Atohi, that is who I am thinking about. No way. You're his son?" the man asked, and Makai nodded. "Nice to meet you Makai, I am [[Tim Majors]], your father and I are friends. How is the old man doing?".

Makai shook Tim's hands but looked down and shook his head "Father died fighting". "Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear. He was a good friend of mine." said Tim with a sad expression, then he looked at his kid and said to Makai: "Listen, it is late and I have to put Milo to sleep, but why don't you come back here tommorrow morning and I can take a look at that car of yours. I would like to hear your story if you would like to share". Milo and Tim said goodbye and went back inside.

Makai crashed at Joshua's apartment that night. In the morning they had a cup of coffee and decided to head out to talk to Tim again, since he seemed to have some information about the mad wolves. Before they went, Makai looked at Joshua with a cheeky smile and said: "There was a leopard print bra under the couch cushion, bro. Been getting busy have you?". Joshua blushed: "Ugh, sorry I missed that while cleaning". Makai laughed: "Relax, man. Who is the girl?". Joshua scratched his head and said: "the corpo lady, that's how I met her". "Elvira? Wow!" Makai said, and he teased Joshua more after that.

They left the apartment and arrived at the Majors Repair Shop with Joshua's car, which had been rammed, scratched and shot at the night before. They spoke with Tim about the mad wolves while he worked on their car. Tim had serviced some of the wolves' vehicles in the past, and in fact he had serviced a black SUV just a few days ago, after the gunfight in [[Jenova]]. While he did, he overheard them talking about growing their synthetic opium operation, since some corpo named Komarov was helping them by buying out law enforcement to look the other way.

"You've shared more info than we could have ever hoped, Tim. Thank you" said Makai. "Don't mention it." said Tim, then he stood up as he finished tightening some wheel bolts and continued: "don't get yourself killed confronting these guys Makai. There will always be scum in the world like them, you don't need to be a hero". Makai nodded quietly, but he knew he was nowhere near giving up his quest for vengeance.

Next: [[15 dig and run]]