[[Makai]] and his mom [[Enoli]] were staying at a cheap apartment rental near the industrial sector since [[Jenova]] got bombarded with toxic gas. [[Ashton Varif|Ashton]] stayed the night at their apartment and was given clean clothes to wear. In the morning, Makai, Ashton and Joshua met at a cafe to discuss their plan.

Joshua had narrowed down three different locations for them to investigate. The first was an apartment block in the [[Nuyama]] sector, not too far from the place he had burned down weeks ago. The second was a decrepit and rundown AI taxi firm, located at [[New Venice]], which [[Tago Niagara]] seemed to visit often. The third was a commercial construction site in the [[Analta]] sector, about 10 minutes away from [[Tago Niagara]]'s own residence. There was a 3d concrete printing rig at the site but construction was slow and had been going on for quite some time. They agreed to look into the construction site first.

Joshua upgraded his cyberdeck and obtained some new daemons for the mission, Makai restocked his ammo and repaired his armor as well as his metal arms, and Ashton acquired a toolbox as well as explosive charges from the black market. They all brought gas masks in case they had to face the toxins that scourged Jenova. The three of them met to spy on the construction site at [[Analta]] that night. They where sitting on their car parked a block away, quietly observing the site from a distance to see if they spotted any movement. A hooker with gold limbs smoking an e-cig approached their car from the sidewalk and said: "hello boys, you look like you could use some female energy. My name is Lustess". Ashton opened his window with a grin and said: "hello miss Lustess, a pleasure to meet you. I'm Ashton, how are you this lovely night?". At that moment Makai noticed a black SUV entering the construction site. "Ashton, there is no time to waste, we gotta move now" he said.

They had scouted the area before, and knew there was a main entrance with a metal gate where the SUV entered, but also a bent fence at the back that led to a sandy platform filled with crates, barrels and a pile of gravel. They walked there quietly. "I'll come back for you, my love!" said Ashton to the hooker. They found the bent fence in the empty back alley and snuck inside. They could see lights where the SUV was parked up ahead on a patch of dirt. They heard lightning, and then suddenly it started pouring rain. It was not difficult to stay hidden in the shadows, and the sound of the storm made it even easier for them to go unnoticed. Makai looked around the corner and saw 5 men up ahead. Four of them were carrying plastic boxes and bags into the construction site while one of them screamed: "go on you dogs! Hurry! We don't want the material to get damaged by the rain. [[Komarov]] will eat you alive if she sees you spoiled her goods".

"They are carrying those bags inside, most likely to a room underground. The above ground structure is quite unfinished but there could be a large basement close to the foundation" said Ashton, then he looked around and said: "It is likely that there are multiple ways in, maybe a service entrance, an elevator shaft or some vents somewhere". "Good idea, let's take a look and try not to be noticed" said Makai. But as he said that, he bumped on a metal bar that was propped against a wall. The bar fell and made a big noise. One of the men in the parking lot said: "boss I heard something, I'll go take a look". Makai, Joshua and Ashton quickly moved away towards a large container and then hid behind it. They could see a the beam of a flashlight illuminating the area they had just been. It moved around for a while, they heard wet footsteps and then the sounds and light went away. "Sorry boys, I almost fucked up before we even started" said Makai a bit embarrassed.

They walked inside the construction through a back opening, then after looking a bit through the dark metal and concrete structures Makai found an unfinished electrical room and some maintenance stairs that led downwards. Down they went, watching their step and moving slowly as to avoid making any noise. They could hear a hum of a generator and could see lights nearby. When they got to the bottom, they exited the stairwell through a concrete arch and then saw a hallway with polished metal doors. They noticed that the walls and floor were finished here, with a modern look and bright ceiling lights illuminating the corridor. Makai walked towards a door, and at that moment Ashton said "Makai, watch out! Cameras!". Makai was definitely standing within the camera's line of sight, so he moved back quickly into the concrete archway. "Dammit! Let's hope no-one saw me" said Makai, frustrated. "There is an interface here for intra-net access at the electrical room. I can jack in to try and deactivate their surveillance" said Joshua. He connected his cyberdeck with the local terminal, and was able to access their security node. A warning had been flagged at the camera that had seen Makai, but no alarms were currently active. Joshua was able to erase the warning and deactivate the alarms for the next two hours. "We won't have to worry about the cameras anymore" he said.

They went back downstairs and studied the two doors they could see. Ashton used a sonic gadget he had brought to hear through the doors. He determined that there were about five men, most likely armed on the other side of one of the doors, working on something with noises of machinery around them. He could also hear some muffled crying in the distance. Through the other door he could hear beeping repetitive sounds, and many fans spinning fast, as if there was a great computer server there, as well as some metal clanking walking around that he could only describe as some sort of robot patrol. 

Before they could decide where to go, Makai unexpectedly got a message from his sister Catori: "Hello brother. The pain won't let me sleep tonight. I want to thank you for always looking out for me. You have always been there for me since the day that father died. It seems that I am destined to die, but I want you to live. Please give up this search for blood". Makai, froze where he stood. He remembered the day that his father and brother were killed. He pictured it as if he had been transported there to their death place. It was pouring rain that day, just like it was today. He got there after it had already happened. He saw the corpses of his brother and father, their blood being washed away into the sewers in front of a bar on a busy street. A circle of many curious people around them watching. Makai held his deceased father's cold hand and screamed. His voice muffled by the rain, the street noises, the music in the bar and the pedestrians gossiping around him. No one else seemed to care.

"Hey. Makai, you alright? Focus!" Joshua said, gripping Makai by the arm. "I.. Yeah. I'm good, just give me a moment" he answered.

Next: [[23 broken chain]]